Add docs for ext install & opening up packages (#32)
wso2/docs-ballerina-visual-studio-code-plugin: en/docs/get-started/open-packages.md

> # Opening Ballerina Packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Opening Ballerina packages
```

> You can work on a single [Ballerina Package](https://ballerina.io/learn/package-references/) at a time or use [Multi-Root workspaces]((https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=WSO2.ballerina)) of VS Code to work on serverl related Ballerina Packages at the same time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can work on a single [Ballerina Package](https://ballerina.io/learn/package-references/) at a time or use [Multi-Root workspaces](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=WSO2.ballerina) of VS Code to work on serverl related Ballerina Packages at the same time. 
```

> ## Opening a Ballerina Package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Opening a Ballerina package
```

> 

Reviewer: Use one of the following options to open a Ballerina package:

- From command line, execute `code <path-to-package-dir>`.
- From VS Code, click **File > Open Folder ...**.

- From command line execute ```code <path-to-package-dir>```
or
- From VS Code, click **File > Open Folder ...** menu item

> ## Opening multiple Ballerina Packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Opening multiple Ballerina packages
```

> Once you have one Ballerina Package opened in VS Code, you can add other related Packages to same workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have one Ballerina Package opened in the VS Code Editor, you can add other related packages to same workspace.
```

> Please refer to VS Code [Adding Folders to Multi Root Workspaces](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/multi-root-workspaces#_adding-folders) guide for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the instructions on [adding folders to multi-root workspaces](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/multi-root-workspaces#_adding-folders) in the VS Code Editor for more details.
```
